Improved Build Guide (#24)
momentum-mod/docs: _posts/2019-09-10-guide_building_the_game.md

<img src="/assets/images/build_guide/build0.png" alt="" style="display: block; margin: auto;">

> You should clone the `develop` branch.  

Reviewer: `checkout`, not clone

</div>

## Windows
Download Momentum Mod on Steam, or grab the `MomentumDev` folder from [***Google Drive***](https://drive.google.com/file/d/115xT5IIN-CimKCZQho3xj7uIcYFMSZXm/view).

Download [***Visual Studio 2019***](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/thank-you-downloading-visual-studio/?sku=Community&rel=16).

<div class="note info">
    <p>

> When installing Visual Studio, make sure this version is checked:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing Visual Studio, make sure this environment is checked:
```

> <img src="/assets/images/build_guide/build6.png" alt="" style="display: block; margin: auto;">

Reviewer: This image does not give a lot of context on where people can find it. I would suggest using a bigger picture that shows this tool box highlighted.

    </p>
</div>

Follow [this step on the Valve Dev Wiki](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_SDK_2013#Unable_to_find_RegKey_for_.vcproj_files_in_solutions_.28Windows.29) to add a missing registry key to your computer.

> Get a Git client like [***GitHub Desktop***](https://desktop.github.com/) if you haven't already and then clone the develop branch of the repository.

Reviewer: You can't clone a branch, you clone a repository. You check out branches. This change makes less sense than what was originally there.

If you've downloaded Momentum Mod from Steam, create an extra folder somewhere called `MomentumDev`, and copy everything from your `steamapps/common/Momentum Mod` folder to it. Delete the `momentum` folder from `MomentumDev`, as this will be symlinked later.

Otherwise if you downloaded the `MomentumDev` folder from Google Drive, extract it somewhere.

> Edit `mp/src/creategameprojects.ps1` inside the develop branch to point the `$path` variable to the path where your `MomentumDev` folder is.  

Reviewer: The file exists inside every branch.
```suggestion
Edit `mp/src/creategameprojects.ps1` to point the `$path` variable to the path where your `MomentumDev` folder is.  
```

<img src="/assets/images/build_guide/build2.png" alt="" style="display: block; margin: auto;">

Run `creategameprojects.bat` **as administrator**.

<img src="/assets/images/build_guide/build3.png" alt="" style="display: block; margin: auto;">

This script will create a symlink of your `mp/game/momentum` folder into the `MomentumDev` folder automatically, which allows you to test changes immediately and run the debugger from Visual Studio.

<div class="note info">
    <p>

> 		If you can't run it as administrator, start <code>cmd.exe</code> as Administrator, then `cd` to the develop repository and run it from <code>cmd.exe</code>.

Reviewer: What is a develop repository? This doesn't make sense.
```suggestion
		If you can't run it as administrator, start <code>cmd.exe</code> as Administrator, then `cd` to the location of the file on disk and run it from <code>cmd.exe</code>.
```
